Add Node Handbook content (#105)
nodejs/website-redesign: documentation/0002-node-history/index.md

One key factor that led to the rise of Node.js was timing. JavaScript since a few years was starting being considered a serious language, thanks for the "Web 2.0" applications that showed the world what a modern experience on the web could be like (think Google Maps or GMail).

The JavaScript engines performance bar raised considerably thanks to the browser competition battle, which is still going strong. Development teams behind each major browser work hard every day to give us better performance, which is a huge win for JavaScript as a platform. V8, the engine that Node.js uses under the hood, is one of those and in particular it's the Chrome JS engine.

But of course, Node.js is not popular just because of pure luck or timing. It introduced much innovative thinking on how to program in JavaScript on the server.

## 2009

Node.js is born
The first form of npm is created

## 2010

Express is born
[Socket.io](https://socket.io) is born

## 2011

npm hits 1.0
Big companies start adopting Node: LinkedIn, Uber
[Hapi](https://hapijs.com) is born

## 2012

Adoption continues very rapidly

## 2013

First big blogging platform using Node: Ghost
[Koa](https://koajs.com/) is born

## 2014

> Big drama: [IO.js](https://iojs.org/) is a major fork of Node.js, with the goal of introducing ES6 support and move faster

Reviewer: Perhaps try to not frame io.js as a drama 😅

Also, io.js is all lowercase ❤️

```suggestion
The Big Fork: [io.js](https://iojs.org/) is a major fork of Node.js, with the goal of introducing ES6 support and moving faster
```
